So, today is the day, the start of my journey into the world of NopCommerce and webshops.
My aim is to dedicate 360 hours over the next six weeks and that feels like a lot of time. 
My brain will probably overload and I will probably drop down into the pit of despair at some point, probably more than once, but I believe that if I put enough effort into this that I will land a long lasting coding job.

I finalized the application process with the internship today, the company itself already accepted it but I need my unemployment office to accept it also so that I can get some money to survive until I get hired.
So far it looks good, I have covered every scenario I can think about and I feel like the internship will happen.

The company knows that I have no experience at all with webshops and that I have limited practical experience as a programmer, but I convinced them that I'm a fast learner and that I will be able to contribute to the company sooner than later.
While they figured that I'm a fast learner and all of that, they didn't feel comfortable hiring me at the spot considering my lack of proof of experience, so instead they granted me a three month internship to test my abilities and see if they should hire me after or not.

My goal is to surprise them by showing them that at day one of the internship I'm already at an intermediate level and that I can contribute to the company right away, while they think they need to teach me basic stuff.
While that might mess a bit with their initial plans of teaching me the basics, I think they will be happy to see the initiative I've taken to start mastering my future job.

After the application was finalized I started thinking about the internship and thought I need to prepare somehow.. but how?
Should I aimlessly start learning NopCommerce and webshops in general? or maybe finish my Blazor project?

I took a bath and thought about it for a while, but couldn't really come up with a good plan.

So, whats the next step?

Yeah that's right, procrastinate some more ofcourse. I watched the first two episodes of a new scifi series named Murderbot and then played some Hearthstone.

The hours flew by and I really don't like Hearthstone, it's just such brainrot and makes me angry. 

I tabbed over to ChatGPT and thought I could converse with it about my upcoming internship when I noticed that I had access to GPT 4.5 and 4.1, so I spent the next hour researching the differences in the new versions and also learning about what a token really is and whatnot.
However, after that I told GPT 4.1 about my situation and asked for a six week plan to learn NopCommerce and webshops.

The first draft was like 'yeah if you spend two hours a day blabla' and I replied with 'no, I want to spend 60 hours a week on this, make me a new plan please'.
After a couple of iterations I ended up with a plan that I think is fairly solid and that I can follow.

One of the things GPT added was to create a journal to document my progress and I think that's a good idea so here we are.

Time for my first journal commit and push to github.